the neo simply for everything cameroon through a press conference
up to now, three machines needed one cable for this
but first drill the hammer up the ladder for the winter break
can the battery screwdriver
then the drill
up the ladder
and finally the cordless screwdriver
with the new chest of unions it becomes easier
marketing machine for powerful hammer hammering people over
that innovative to the unionists mcnamara it is a battle mechanism with
conversely small dimensions and therefore like performance
with the new sbs growing system, we knew about tools
Believing on normal plates with six chances can be without problems
used
charge the lithium ion batteries as quickly as a mobile phone
self-discharge and memory effect you have forgotten
simply switch to the hammer function and start in concrete
With a one-time strike power of zero point nine you should work your eo yourself
with playful ease through the hardest concrete
well simply switch off the hammer function for study neo also accurate
goes the content
the metal
dpa adha jaja the simple to screw this bet and the union iau gets with
are soft drinks disease ms
the three in one machine
so versatile that everyone wants it
just for columns
Cameroon
technology for the army